Added documentation (#13)
exasol/sphinx-github-pages-generator: README.rst

Sphinx GitHub Pages Generator
*****************************

.. _docu_start:

Overview
========

This project provides a python library for accessing automatic generation of sphinx GitHub pages 
for a given repository. It is intended for th use with a Continuous Integration solutions.
Developed using GitHub Actions.

In a Nutshell
=============

Prerequisites
-------------

- Python 3.8+

Installation
-------------
#todo fix link
Install the package from Github via `pip`:: #todo make pip package

>     pip install -e git://github.com/exasol/bucketfs-utils-python.git@{tag name}#egg=exasol-bucketfs-utils-python

Reviewer: I think we should encourage the clients to use the wheel package, and not building the package from Git.

Author: Yes, but i have never done a release and don't know exactly how the installation works. this here is just a placeholder for now..

Documentation
-------------

`Documentation for the latest release <https://exasol.github.io/sphinx-github-pages-generator/main>`_ is hosted on the Github Pages of this project.

Features
========

* Build html documentation files using Sphinx
* Choose which remote branch to generate the documentation from

> * Choose between automatically committing or committing and pushing the generated files to your GitHub Pages branch.

Reviewer: For me it's not really clear what the difference here is....

Author: changed

Author: Could you please check if it is more clear now?

> * Works with multiple packages in one Repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Works with multiple packages in one repository.
```

Sphinx GitHub Pages Generator
*****************************

Overview
========

This project provides a python library for accessing automatic generation of sphinx GitHub pages 

> for a given repository. It is intended for th use with a Continuous Integration solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for a given repository. It is intended for the use with a Continuous Integration solution.
```
